# A snapshot of Feminist discourse on Reddit: A textual analysis of word frequencies and word embeddings on r/Feminism surrounding the themes: abortion, sharia law and violence 

This is a repository for our brief project. In this project we did a textual analysis of word frequencies and word embeddings of the subreddit r/Feminism. These words were connected to three themes: Abortion, Sharia Law and Violence against women. Our goal was to create a snapshot of feminist discourse within an online community. Moreover, by delving into these themes we could gain insights in the word use of the users of the subreddit with regard to contemporary and ongoing societal issues. By doing so, we used various tools of Voyant to gain insight into word frequencies, collocations, contexts and trends. Moreover, we used the TensorFlow Word Embedding Projector the word embedding of our keywords from our corpus to the general world. 

We explored the ways in which certain frequent words in the corpus, which we used as keywords, were used in a way so that the user could express their opinion, share information about events or their personal stories. Moreover, we illustrated how the use of these words were embedded with words which represent very recent contemporary issues in our world such as Roe v Wade and the Iranian protests of 2022. Yet, we also saw that our themes were also discussed outside of these contemporary issues they did gave the themes a new layer of importancy for the users. The users of this subreddit did not only discuss our themes in light of these issues, they also connected them together. In addition, by comparing our keywords with the embeddings in the projector we saw how this online community attached a layer of meaning to the words which are in the general world less significant. This layer represents a vocabulary of users which want to express their political and emancipatory opinions and stories. 

In this repository, our initial dataset can be found which we obtained by scraping data from r/Feminism. Another file can be found, which is our corpus we uploaded in Voyant. In here our data is narrowed down to only the 'title,' 'body' and 'date' in order to make the uploading in Voyant simpler. Our motivation, substantiation of the research, visualizations and general findings can be found in the report. In the report, the vizualisations created in Voyant can be accesed through the links in the document. This gives the reader the opportunity to see the interactions of the graph. In addition, a list of all the graphs can also be found in this repository. 

